Add a description of `Cargo.lock` conflicts in the Cargo FAQ (#12185)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/faq.md

If after trying to debug your issue, however, you're still running into problems
then feel free to [open an
issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/new)!

### What does "version conflict" mean and how to resolve it?

> > failed to select a version for `x` which could resolve this conflict

Reviewer: Missing a newline here

```suggestion
> failed to select a version for `x` which could resolve this conflict

```

situations may lead us to a version conflict. Below we'll walk through possible 
causes and provide diagnostic techniques to help you out there:

- The project and its dependencies use [links] to repeatedly link the local 
  library. Cargo forbids linking two packages with the same native library, so 
  even with multiple layers of dependencies it is not allowed. In this case, the 
  error message will prompt: `Only one package in the dependency graph may specify 
  the same links value`, you may need to manually check and delete duplicate link 
  values. The community also have [conventions in place] to alleviate this.

- When depending on different crates in the project, if these crates use the same 
  dependent library, but the version used is restricted, making it impossible to 
  determine the correct version, it will also cause conflicts. The error message 
  will prompt: `all possible versions conflict with previously selected packages`. 
  You may need to modify the version requirements to make them consistent.

- If there are multiple versions of dependencies in the project, when using 
  [`direct-minimal-versions`], the minimum version requirements cannot be met, 

>   which will cause conflicts. Please check in the dependency graph of the project, 
>   the version requirements for dependencies are inconsistent. Please modify the 
>   version requirements to make them consistent.

Reviewer: This should be better understanding.

```suggestion
  which will cause conflicts. You may need to modify version requirements of your
  direct dependencies to meet the minimum SemVer version accordingly.
```

Author: Welcome to point out more questions, thanks：）
